(1) What is software? What is software engineering?
---Software is a set of instractions,data or programs used to operate computers and executs specific tasks.
---Software engineering is defined as a process of analyzing user requirements and then designing,bulding and testing software application 
    which will satisfy those requirements. 


(2) Explain types of software.
---Three types of software
    1- System software - System software is a software designed to provide a platform to other software.
    2- Application software - The software that helps you to do a specific type of works is called application software.
    3 - Utility software - Utility software helps to manage,maintain and control computer resources.


(3) What is SDLC? Explain each phase of SDLC.
--- SDLC full form is software development lifecycle. SDLC is the cost effective and time efficient process that development teams use to
     design and build high quality software.
--- The phases of SDLC.
    1 - Software Requirment
    2 - Software Analysis
    3 - Software Designing
    4 - Software Development
    5 - Software Testing
    6 - Software Deployment
    7 - Software Maintence


(4) What is DFD? Create a DFD diagram on flipkart.
--- DFD full form is data flow diagram. DFD maps out the flow of information for any process or system.
     Step 1 : Open Flipkart
     Step 2 : Login To Flipkart
     Step 3 : Manage Category
     Step 4 : Buy Product
     Step 5 : Make Payment
     Step 6 : order Delivery
     Step 7: Use Product

		
(5) What is flow chart? Create a flowchart to make addition of two numbers.
--- it is a pictorial respresentation of algorithms.
     Step 1 : Start
     Step 2 : Input a Number A=10
     Step 3 : Input a Number B=20
     Step 4 : Summation = A + B
     Step 5 : Summation is 30
     Step 6 : End


(6) What is use case diagram? create a use case on bill payment on paytm.
--- A use case diagram is a way to summarize details of a system and the users within that system.
     Step 1 : Open Paytm
     Step 2 : Login To Paytm
     Step 3 : Open Your Bill
     Step 4 : Proceed To Pay
     Step 5 : Make Payment
     Step 6 : Confirm 
     



























